{\rtf1\ansi\deff0{\fonttbl{\f0 \fswiss Helvetica;}{\f1 \fmodern Courier;}}
{\colortbl;\red255\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;}
\widowctrl\hyphauto

{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \outlinelevel0 \b \fs36 Message: announce sessions and contacts files\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \outlinelevel1 \b \fs32 Email addresses\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \f1 cael.church@students.snow.edu\line
ethan.hintze@students.snow.edu\line
harry.cook@students.snow.edu\line
Heber.Allen@Snow.edu\line
moss.collum@gmail.com\line
Riley.Rust@students.snow.edu\line
ted@ted.dev\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \outlinelevel1 \b \fs32 LinkedIn URLs\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \f1 https://www.linkedin.com/in/alexthurow/\line
https://www.linkedin.com/in/schmonz/\line
https://www.linkedin.com/in/ben-hyer-736557336/\line
https://www.linkedin.com/in/brandon-g-tripp/\line
https://www.linkedin.com/in/chrisstonedev/\line
https://www.linkedin.com/in/chuck-bates/\line
https://www.linkedin.com/in/cody-howell-14384716a/\line
https://www.linkedin.com/in/danielscheufler/\line
https://www.linkedin.com/in/danielolewski/\line
https://www.linkedin.com/in/davidadsit/\line
http://linkedin.com/in/dianasherwood5000\line
https://www.linkedin.com/in/ellis-lempriere/\line
https://cr.linkedin.com/in/fabricio-robles-6bb440a3\line
https://www.linkedin.com/in/garrickwest/\line
https://www.linkedin.com/in/giselle-valenzuela/\line
https://www.linkedin.com/in/helena-drueeke/\line
https://www.linkedin.com/in/james-herr-63b85b1b3/\line
https://www.linkedin.com/in/jessica-brady-90791047/\line
https://www.linkedin.com/in/jidapaangsutti/\line
https://www.linkedin.com/in/jonathan-m-turner/\line
https://www.linkedin.com/in/jordanolguin/\line
https://www.linkedin.com/in/julia-fercello\line
https://www.linkedin.com/in/karolskrzymowski/\line
https://www.linkedin.com/in/leahvwynn/\line
https://www.linkedin.com/in/markobjelac/\line
https://www.linkedin.com/in/matthewryangranger/\line
https://www.linkedin.com/in/MRWolf\line
https://www.linkedin.com/in/mclement/\line
https://www.linkedin.com/in/michael-marshall-89738a12/\line
https://www.linkedin.com/in/nikhilguptain\line
https://www.linkedin.com/in/paige-is-xp/\line
https://www.linkedin.com/in/qmarsala\line
https://www.linkedin.com/in/rhys-koerner/\line
https://www.linkedin.com/in/rodrigo-coto\line
https://www.linkedin.com/in/ryanarobbins/\line
https://www.linkedin.com/in/sarah-martin-saunders/\line
https://www.linkedin.com/in/spencer-jensen-290529179\line
https://www.linkedin.com/in/travisbumgarner\line
https://www.linkedin.com/in/woodyzuill/\line
https://www.linkedin.com/in/zacharyshaw/\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \outlinelevel1 \b \fs32 Message v3\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 Hi,\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 I hope you enjoyed last week's Software Crafters Unconference as much as I did.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 I've always loved these kinds of events because they are low-polish/high-value ways to learn and share.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 First, I would like to {\b share} some data that {\f1 cursor agent} and I summarized and cleaned (into a git repo).\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://github.com/MichaelRWolf/Events/blob/main/2026-02-06_Software_Crafters_Unconference/people.md"}}{\fldrslt{\ul
people.md
}}}
 cleans up {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://miro.com/app/board/uXjVGEp6wkI=/?moveToWidget=3458764658684427373&cot=14"}}{\fldrslt{\ul
Connection Information (miro...)
}}}
\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://github.com/MichaelRWolf/Events/blob/main/2026-02-06_Software_Crafters_Unconference/sessions.md"}}{\fldrslt{\ul
sessions.md
}}}
 cleans up {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://miro.com/app/board/uXjVGEp6wkI=/?moveToWidget=3458764602852762767&cot=14"}}{\fldrslt{\ul
Marketplace (miro...)
}}}
\sa180\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 If you find these helpful, let me know.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 Second, here's some of what I {\b learned}.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab {\b Nothing} is new... We are continuing to "inspect/adapt" in a field that is still new from a 100-year (and 3-year) perspective. Using Dave Farley's framework, we continue to\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li720 \fi-360 1.\tx360\tab Optimize for learning\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li720 \fi-360 2.\tx360\tab Manage complexity\sa180\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab {\b Much} is new...\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li720 \fi-360 \endash \tx360\tab Learning - We must keep the old ways (oral tradition, social connection, books, Google, StackOverflow), and add new ones (Prompt engineering, herding cats (and agents) while keeping humans-in-the-loop).\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li720 \fi-360 \endash \tx360\tab Complexity - Old control points are still required (flow control, data control, source code control) as we evolve new dimensions to control -- loosely called knowledge control or interaction control. The "source of truth" continues to get further from what we used to call "source code". Either we will control it, or it will control us as we push the frontier between what can be automated and what can not (yet?) be.\sa180\sa180\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 Next? More learning?\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 If you\u8217'd like to stay connected, I\u8217'm here: {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.linkedin.com/in/MRWolf"}}{\fldrslt{\ul
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.linkedin.com/in/MRWolf"}}{\fldrslt{\ul
https://www.linkedin.com/in/MRWolf
}}}

}}}
\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 And if something from the unconference sparked ideas you\u8217'd like to explore further, I\u8217'm always happy to compare notes.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 Best, Michael\par}
{\pard \qc \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \emdash\emdash\emdash\emdash\emdash\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \outlinelevel1 \b \fs32 Message v2\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 Ahhh. Now we\u8217're cooking.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 You don\u8217't want to say:\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li720 \fi0 \u8220"I use AI.\u8221"\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 You want to signal:\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li720 \fi0 \u8220"I integrate new tools the same way I\u8217've always integrated learning \u8212- in the open, with others, on real work.\u8221"\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 That\u8217's strong. That\u8217's identity-level positioning.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 Here\u8217's a version that carries that quietly.\par}
{\pard \qc \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \emdash\emdash\emdash\emdash\emdash\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 {\b Subject:} SC Unconference notes + continuing the learning\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 Hi,\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 It was great to be part of the Software Crafters Unconference. Open spaces like that remind me why I\u8217've always loved this community \u8212- open source at its core is about learning and improving together in public.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 Since you shared your contact info on the Miro board, I pulled together two structured summaries from the event so the conversations don\u8217't disappear into screenshots:\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \u8226 ? People {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://github.com/MichaelRWolf/Events/blob/main/2026-02-06_Software_Crafters_Unconference/people.md"}}{\fldrslt{\ul
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://github.com/MichaelRWolf/Events/blob/main/2026-02-06_Software_Crafters_Unconference/people.md"}}{\fldrslt{\ul
https://github.com/MichaelRWolf/Events/blob/main/2026-02-06_Software_Crafters_Unconference/people.md
}}}

}}}
\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \u8226 ? Sessions {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://github.com/MichaelRWolf/Events/blob/main/2026-02-06_Software_Crafters_Unconference/sessions.md"}}{\fldrslt{\ul
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://github.com/MichaelRWolf/Events/blob/main/2026-02-06_Software_Crafters_Unconference/sessions.md"}}{\fldrslt{\ul
https://github.com/MichaelRWolf/Events/blob/main/2026-02-06_Software_Crafters_Unconference/sessions.md
}}}

}}}
\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 I used current AI tools to help organize and refine them \u8212- not as a gimmick, but as a continuation of how I\u8217've always worked: integrating new tools into real collaboration, in the open, while doing meaningful work.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 If you\u8217'd like to stay connected, I\u8217'm here: {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.linkedin.com/in/MRWolf"}}{\fldrslt{\ul
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.linkedin.com/in/MRWolf"}}{\fldrslt{\ul
https://www.linkedin.com/in/MRWolf
}}}

}}}
\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 And if something from the unconference sparked ideas you\u8217'd like to explore further, I\u8217'm always happy to compare notes.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 Best, Michael\par}
{\pard \qc \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \emdash\emdash\emdash\emdash\emdash\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 Why this works:\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab It frames AI as evolution, not reinvention.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab It aligns AI with open-source values.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab It signals \u8220"I\u8217've been doing this a long time.\u8221"\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab It avoids buzzwords like \u8220"AI consultant.\u8221"\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab It feels authentic to your voice.\sa180\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 If you want it 5% tighter and slightly more punchy, I can compress it further without losing that signal.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \outlinelevel1 \b \fs32 Message V1\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \f1 Subject: SC Unconference notes + session list\line
\line
Hi <name>,\line
\line
Glad you attended the Software Crafters Unconference.\line
\line
I\u8217'm reaching out because you left contact info on the Miro board.\line
\line
As a small gift/offer: I practiced my AI skills and created two files you can use:\line
\line
- People / contact info:\line
  https://github.com/MichaelRWolf/Events/blob/main/2026-02-06_Software_Crafters_Unconference/people.md\line
\line
- Sessions:\line
  https://github.com/MichaelRWolf/Events/blob/main/2026-02-06_Software_Crafters_Unconference/sessions.md\line
\line
Enjoy \u8212- I hope they\u8217're helpful.\line
\line
If you\u8217'd like, I\u8217'd love to connect on LinkedIn:\line
https://www.linkedin.com/in/MRWolf\line
\line
Or I\u8217'm happy to set up a short conversation to explore ideas sparked by the conference.\line
\line
Also (lightly): I\u8217'm looking for well-defined, time-bound engagements where I can help teams learn and improve together while working on their real production code.\line
\line
Best,\line
Michael R. Wolf\par}
}
